Single File Programming Question
Using contains() and trim() method

Having finished most of our application for the fair, it's time to focus on minor details that went wrong during a test run of our application in this module. Accidentally some gibberish text with leading and trailing got copied to the clipboard and got pasted in the some of your text documents. Don't worry, still, we have the gibberish text with us, you can manually load each document, and find the text and delete it. Think it will take ages, no we can think of a time saver. Using your programming skills, load each document in a program and find in which files the text got copied. Assume text of the document is given as the input to the program. write a program to find whether the gibberish text is present in the string.

 



﻿Create a driver class called Main. In the Main method, obtain the inputs from the console (Refer I/O) and prompt whether the gibberish text is present in the main text.

Input format :
First line of the input consist of a sentence

Second line of the input consist of a string in the sentence

Output format :
Output prints whether the string is found in the sentence or not

Sample test cases :
Input 1 :
One fine morning, a minister from Emperor Akbar's court had gathered in the assembly hall.He informed the Emperor that all his valuables had been stolen by a thief the previous night.
stolen 
Output 1 :
String is found in the sentence
Input 2 :
One fine morning, a minister from Emperor Akbar's court had gathered in the assembly hall.He informed the Emperor that all his valuables had been stolen by a thief the previous night.
 stolen
Output 2 :
String is found in the sentence
Input 3 :
One fine morning, a minister from Emperor Akbar's court had gathered in the assembly hall.
 account
Output 3 :
String is not found in the sentence
Input 4 :
One fine morning, a minister from Emperor Akbar's court had gathered in the assembly hall.
account
Output 4 :
String is not found in the sentence

Ans:

// You are using Java
import java.util.Scanner;

 class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
       
        Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);

      
        String sentence = sc.nextLine();
        String searchString = sc.nextLine();

       
        sentence = sentence.trim();
        searchString = searchString.trim();

      
        if (sentence.contains(searchString)) {
            System.out.println("String is found in the sentence");
        } else {
            System.out.println("String is not found in the sentence");
        }

        // Close the scanner
        sc.close();
    }
}
